1) You are allowed to
	a) modify the product in any way, shape or form for personal use. When redistributing the modified product you need the permission of the author of the original product. However, you are not allowed to use a different license than this one without permission.
	b) include parts of this product in yours without marking that it is not yours. When doing so, you need to make clear that you used parts of this product. You don't need permission for this kind of redistribution even when making changes. However you need to notifying the author.
	c) use this product in any kind without changing it.
2) You are not allowed to redistribute this product in any way without the permission of the author except if section 4 of this license applies.
3) Development versions should be used at own risk and the author is not responsible for any damage done by the product when a development version is used. Development versions are the same as 'snapshots' of the product, every other version is considered a release version.
4) When contributing to this product you automatically agree that your code will also be under the same license as this product.
5) Definition of "You" in This License. "You" throughout this License, whether in upper or lower case, means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with you. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.